Updates re our new nix action (#1555)
DeterminateSystems/nix-installer: README.md

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/DeterminateSystems/nix-installer)](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-installer/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1116012109709463613)](https://determinate.systems/discord)

**Determinate Nix Installer** is the best way to install [Nix].
It works on macOS, Linux, Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL), SELinux, the Valve Steam Deck, and more.
It installs either [Nix](https://nixos.org) or [Determinate Nix][det-nix] (with [flakes] enabled by default), it offers support for seamlessly [uninstalling Nix](#uninstalling), it enables Nix to survive [macOS upgrades][macos-upgrades], and [much more](#features).
This one-liner is the quickest way to get started on any supported system:

```shell
curl -fsSL https://install.determinate.systems/nix | sh -s -- install --determinate
```

> [!TIP]

> > The **best way to get Determinate Nix on macOS** is with the <a href="https://install.determinate.systems/determinate-pkg/stable/Universal">macOS package <img src="https://docs.determinate.systems/img/pkg.png" width="20px" /></a>.

Reviewer: I'll try some other CSS really quick and see how it goes.

> > The **best way to get Determinate Nix on macOS** is with the <a href="https://install.determinate.systems/determinate-pkg/stable/Universal">macOS package <img src="https://docs.determinate.systems/img/pkg.png" width="20px" /></a>.

Author: Dropped!

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/DeterminateSystems/nix-installer)](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-installer/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1116012109709463613)](https://determinate.systems/discord)

**Determinate Nix Installer** is the best way to install [Nix].
It works on macOS, Linux, Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL), SELinux, the Valve Steam Deck, and more.
It installs either [Nix](https://nixos.org) or [Determinate Nix][det-nix] (with [flakes] enabled by default), it offers support for seamlessly [uninstalling Nix](#uninstalling), it enables Nix to survive [macOS upgrades][macos-upgrades], and [much more](#features).

> The quickest way to have a great Nix experience is with Determinate Nix.

Reviewer: Provide a link for Determinate Nix

| [Podman] Linux containers                                            | ✓ (via [systemd]) |      ✓      |      Stable       |
| [Docker] containers                                                  |                   |      ✓      |      Stable       |

### As a Github Action

You can install Determinate Nix on [GitHub Actions][actions] using [`determinate-nix-action`][determinate-nix-action].
Here's an example configuration:

```yaml
on:
  pull_request:
  push:
    branches: [main]

jobs:
  build:
    name: Build
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: DeterminateSystems/determinate-nix-action@v3
      - name: Run `nix build`
        run: nix build .
```

If you would rather use upstream Nix, use [`nix-installer-action`][nix-installer-action]:

```yaml
jobs:
  build:
    steps:
      - uses: DeterminateSystems/nix-installer-action@main
```

#### Pinning the GitHub Action

> The [determinate-nix-action] is updated and tagged for every Determinate release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`determinate-nix-action`][determinate-nix-action] is updated and tagged for every Determinate release.
```

For example, `DeterminateSystems/determinate-nix-action@v3.5.2` will always install Determinate Nix v3.5.2.

Additionally, an extra tag on the major version is kept up to date with the current release.

> For example, `DeterminateSystems/determinate-nix-action@v3` will install the most recent release in the `v3.x.y` series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DeterminateSystems/determinate-nix-action@v3` reference, for example, installs the most recent release in the `v3.x.y` series.
```
